good morning everyone
I'm just stretching I've been not
working this morning just in my pajamas
because that's what I like to do on a
Sunday morning I'm comfy so it's boiling
and I think I'm just going to go and
have a shower because I want to go to
CAF for lunch and I'm not going to CAF
in my dressing gown at lunchtime I think
that would be a new low so I'm gonna go
have a shower and then it's calf roast
dinner on Sunday which is my favorite
meal of the week hello everyone so I've
been to calf race dinner it was very
very tasty my friends have gone to the
roost the Jesus College cafe for a
coffee bar I'm supposed to have a rowing
outing it too so 40 minutes time and I
thought it's just not worth it when I've
got a lot of time to come back here and
change and then get over to the
boathouse my hair still a bit wet and I
should dry that hey everybody so I am
back in my room and actually about to
get working I'm gonna work through this
evening
we ain't socializing this evening we've
had our social times this week plenty of
it and it's been fun but you know what
the time now is to do some work so yeah
if I can get two pieces of my
supervision work done this evening I'd
be well happy I'm gonna be set for the
week think how much pressure that would
take off me in the week
[Music]
okay so we're calling it an evening with
the work I've just been doing some ask
questions and they're so unbelievably
fiddly I don't know whether my method is
just long and maybe there's a nicer way
of getting to the answer because I mean
it's giving me the answers and results I
want so clearly the method is cracked
but I'm just wondering whether there's a
nicer way because it's just so fiddly
it's so easy to just drop a sign
somewhere and it just feels long I'm
gonna get ready for bed shortly because
believe it or not page elip is going for
a run tomorrow morning I know honestly I
just really fancy doing some exercise I
was at the earth this afternoon with all
the rowers using the rowing machines and
I was like I'm quite fancy doing some
exercise
I feel so unfit and like the only
exercise I'm doing at the moment is
cycling turned from latches it's not
enough I want to keep active while I
want uni a morning run might be just the
thing it's only gonna be a short run and
me Emma and Ella are all going together
Ella is a seasoned runner like she's got
experience
she was pretty fit she's got it down but
she's injured at the moment so she's
taking it slow whereas me and Emma we we
just don't run we thought with Ella
injured and me and Emma being all
newbies to the running world we'd all go
together and we go a easy pace and just
ease ourselves in and see how it goes so
it'll be a short run tomorrow morning
before lectures the others better get up
like I don't want to go for a run by
myself guess who's going for a run I've
got the motivation to go out running I'm
up early in the morning to go running
I'm so proud of myself I know I haven't
done the run yet guys
hey guys okay well on the way back
I'm touring a little bit now but I want
to make it back guys I made it back oh
my god are you proud of me cuz I'm proud
of myself
I've been running this could be the
start of a new me running every week
maybe hello guys so I've been sitting
here recovering I was sorting through my
stuff for lectures and I was like no I
need to sit down in my armchair and
recover I'm so unfair
but I'm so pleased that went on that run
it was really funny because we all
bumped into a stir it like halfway
through and she just stopped the other
side of the road and looked at us so
confused we were like yeah who saw it
coming not me but no it was so funny but
now like quite a lot of my staircase all
go for runs now it's quite impressive
our staircase is all about the fitness I
can't believe it though like usually
when I'm out in the mornings I see
people that running and I'm like oh my
god I just couldn't imagine getting up
early to go for a run
I just couldn't and I've done here just
got to keep it up now if I could just do
it once a week I think even that would
be good anyway I'm gonna go shower now
and get myself to lectures on time
because I've got a 9:00 a.m. lecture as
per
[Applause]
just arrived in the lecture theater it
is freezing as always I literally will
not take my scarf or coat off for the
whole lecture and this is how it's like
every lecture what are they doing to us
students this lecture theatre this is
cold and it shouldn't be this way
I want heating for the students we'd
really appreciate if you could comment
down below your support for us in this
difficult time
you try and get through it's just a cold
winter people
I'm so far like wasps teacher and now
air as well it's disgraceful our friends
don't want to sit with us it's a bit sad
but we've got the best view so who's
laughing really it's time for the weekly
Nana Max is the crew we have a new
member today who is wills
[Music]
hey everybody so an update is that it's
really really cold in my room today like
I know I was complaining about the
lecture theater but let's face it the
lecture theatre is always cold it's cold
every single day of the week it's not
normally cold in my room and my
radiators up full blast so I've been
like sitting in a blanket
whacking like why is it so cold I hate
this weather this time of year I wish I
lived in a sunny country like Australia
one day I'm going to live in Australia
for a few years in the Sun and I'll love
it not permanently I wouldn't live out
there because obviously like I've got a
life here in England it is nice in the
summer here I'm looking forward to the
summer not looking forward to exams but
to the summer anyway after that brief
interlude I think I am gonna keep
working because I've got work for
tomorrow that I need to hand in and as
always my supervisor likes to set it at
the last minute and emailed what two
hours are going maybe to say oh hey
could you hand in these four questions
and two short notes essay questions and
I'm like excuse me tell me like a week
advance and maybe I'll be able to manage
that but I've got a lab all day on a
Tuesday so when they tell me this on the
Monday and ask for it jus in on the
Tuesday evening I have to get it done in
that Monday afternoon evening they give
me once they've email it but they
emailed about four o'clock that
literally just gives me Monday evenings
do this work what if I had plans on
Monday evening then it wouldn't be
getting done luckily I've got a free
Monday evening I'm just trying to keep
my life organized and the world is
against me here it looks like I should
be able to get this work done if I like
work effectively now and I do have a lab
all day tomorrow
that'd be fun eight-hour lab but then
formal in the evening which is good
we're on it guys don't worry and I've
also got my supervision work already
done for Thursday I think I did things
the wrong way around like I did my
supervision work that was due on
Thursday before the supervision work
that's due on Tuesday and Wednesday
there's something wrong with me back to
work I'm just making myself dinner this
evening so
I'm not going to cap this evening I'm
not leaving the staircase again this
evening so I'm just gonna have a chill
time and I need to arrive to my lab
early tomorrow because we get to choose
what lab we do tomorrow and there's a
twist of eight I want to get the best
lab I want the best experiment I don't
want to be having the one that no one
else wants to do so I need to get there
early
[Music]
hey hey
so it is Tuesday evening and I've just
got back from labs it's been a fairly
uneventful day I've literally spent
eight hours in the lab the exciting
thing is I'm going for formal this
evening yay I love a good pool wall I've
got less than an hour to get ready so
I'm gonna hop in the shower get into a
formal clothing and then paint my nails
do my makeup straighten my hair yeah I'm
just gonna get myself ready and this was
the menu for the formal that evening
[Music]
the starter was actually one of my favs
very tasty the main was okay I think the
broccoli was the best part but it was
edible
okay so formal is coming to an end food
has been consumed everyone has
[Applause]
[Music]
behind me you can't see much snow in
Cambridge it's quite nice it looks
pretty as long as it goes to weight the
way tomorrow is all good fun packed open
toe shoes and not ideal in the snow and
heels are not ideal for walking in the
snow
it's very slippy let's go and find
Astrid is Astrid in I can hear piano
that means Astrid is in I don't know if
she can hear me knocking but the piano
is still going
can you hear everyone returning home
hello yeah play my songs plantation
I don't know okay everyone say I'm going
to pay you to do some new subreddit off
/pg yeah yeah yeah okay so I'm gonna end
the vlog here thank you all very much
for watching this week and I'll see you
soon with another vlog please do like
please do subscribe please bully me on
Instagram
[Music]